it can seem really daunting to choose your career path. Figure out what
you want to dio Um, there are a lot of really great books that can
help you to kind of look at your kind of natural inclinations. May
be natural skill sets, uh, personality traits that fit certain careers.
You know better than others. Um, also, if you go to the career Center,
they have a lot of tools like personality tests and skill tests
and things like that that can also help you to determine you know
which fields you might or which careers you might be a really good
fit for. Um, they also have a lot of information on the various careers
that are available. Oftentimes, you know, there are careers out
there that you may not even know that you know, you could get paid for
doing that kind of work. Eso So the career center could be a really
helpful place for you. Thio Thio visit to try to find out what careers
might be a really good fit for you